Add caution for dag-only deploys and for ci/cd (#2567)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-deployment-resources.md

## Enforce CI/CD deploys

By default, Deployments accept code deploys from any authenticated source. When you enforce CI/CD deploys for a Deployment:

> - Your the Deployment only accepts code deploys if they are triggered with a Deployment API key or Workspace token or Organization token.
> - You cannot enable DAG-only deploy feature for your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Deployment accepts code deploys only if the deploys are triggered with a Deployment API key, Workspace API token, or Organization API token.
- You can't enable [DAG-only deploys](deploy-dags.md) for the Deployment.
```

> 
> Follow these steps to enforce CI/CD deploys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
You don't need to introduce steps if there's only one set of steps that's directly related to the title of the topic.
